[Music]
it's when we start off to design a vc
first um it has to be quickly built and
yet it's got to be established durably
because it's got to serve
a large number of people over a long
period of time
two it's got to be compact because you
want people to walk as few steps as
possible
but yeah at the same time it's got to be
spacious enough to accommodate a large
pool of people
and the third is it's about protocols
and processes here
but yet it's got to be designed with the
personal touch in mind
[Music]
so it's a fairly large team that's on
the ground so we'll start of course with
the site manager
the site manages the orchestra conductor
so to speak so he'll be in charge of the
team
making sure that they're well rostered
they are trained and of course before
they go live
he will have to make sure that the
equipping is well done
as well as the housekeeping is in good
order so the flight manager
is key in this game further to that
there will be the nurse lead who's on
the ground who makes sure that
she looks after the vaccine preparation
which is an important task
and manages the vaccinated pool we've
got our healthcare assistants who are
there to do
the registration exercise as well as
ushers who helped in the movement of
people around the space
further to this team we also got our
cleaner so the cleaner will make sure
that
at regular intervals it will clean down
the surfaces table tops and that chairs
and so forth
[Music]
once they come in here this is also the
registration counter where they
will the patient will actually actualize
their appointments
and you know if they have any concerns
or any other medical related questions
then we have doctor on-site to address
to their questions and concerns
inside the vaccination booth the nurses
will actually inform the vastness of the
side effects
before they actually proceed with the
vaccination proper vaccination
from start to the end will take
approximately two to three minutes
the needle is actually very very fine
and the amount going in there is
actually very small
so the injection itself is actually very
tolerable
just a bit of discomfort i wouldn't say
painful
but you wouldn't expect some aching
after that that would be from the
reaction to the vaccine
[Music]
we will expect some sort of a localized
reaction
we can expect some pain at the site of
injection some swelling
we can have a bit of fever a bit of
muscle ache joint pain
that's to be expected usually the
symptoms are very mild and tolerable
goes away with a panadol
so once they are done actually they'll
be ushered out before they proceed to
the observation area
the facility will actually be seated for
a good 30 minutes where they will be
observed by our nurses and also our
healthcare assistant on site
in the event if they are feeling unwell
there will always be a nurses and also
our
healthcare assistant to attend to them
straight away
i believe in the vaccination program um
i think this would be the step that puts
us back onto the role of
towards normalcy we all want to protect
our loved ones and i think
vaccination is the key once a good job
is done
i think we look forward to the end game
when
the vaccination drive is largely
complete the nation is protected
and we all can chill and have a good
meal together
[Music]